In this video, we're going to show you how to set up your payment information to upgrade from your
Sparke plan just in case you do not have any payment information set up on Google.
Now, if we press the upgrade button here, we can see the pay as you go plan.
And if we say select plan, it's going to tell us, hey, you want to go to the pay as you go plan,
you will now be charged based on your usage.
And if we say continue, it's going to take us to the Google cloud console.
Now, this Google cloud console is specifically for Firebase, and it's going to tell us a bunch of
things that we have to agree to agree to add a billing account over here.
You can see it's asking me to create a new billing account and it's going to give it a name.
It's going to give it a country and a currency.
So select your country here that you live when you press continue, it is then going to ask you to set
up information about your personal or business.
So if you're an individual, set up an individual and say some street, you do have to fill in real
information here.
So fill in where you live.
The only reason I'm not filling in where I live is because I don't want the entire Internet to know.
Now, over here, you're going to see that this individual lives at some street, in some city and potentially
Ontario.
And let's say that he lives that m three to a four to Pete Topos.
And the phone number is optional, it'll ask you about automatic payments, you'll have to fill in your
credit card information here and then once you submit an enabled billing, you will be able to upgrade
your firebase instance to a paid plan.
Now, make sure that the information you fill in here is accurate as otherwise the billing may be rejected.
And now that you've done that, you should be able to see your firebase set up in a way where if you
go to the meals to go up and you try to upgrade your plan to pay as you go, it will automatically upgrade
your project and you should be good to go.
Now you can set a budget alert if you wish to, for instance, know at a certain amount where you stand.
Great, so knowing that we now know that we'll be able to set up our firebase function and deploy it
with a paid account.
Now, if you're unable to put in a paid account here, don't worry, you'll still be able to run your
firebase function locally.
You will not be able to integrate with Google Cloud, however.